I submit the following for assessment as my best class.

* The entire Menu class, specifically the methods relating to selecting the game variation using the choiceboxes and encoding it into a string, as well as hiding and showing different choiceboxes based
  of the number of players selected. This includes:
     -all the choiceboxes and buttons for selecting the type of players, and number of players.
     -selectNumber.getSelectionModel().selectedItemProperty().addListener code in class Menu(), that displays the choiceboxes for different players, depending on the number of players playing.
     -confirm.setOnAction event in class Menu() which encodes the game variation and selects the number of human and computer players

* The fieldpromt textbox in class PlayBoard() and the isValidEncoding() method in class Playboard(), which allows users to input strings of encoded pieces and have it drawn on the board (Jack improved
  it so it correctly draws on correct position the board). It was used primarily for testing purposes, before we had implemented drag and drop functionality for the pieces. The isValidEncoding()
  method checks if the user inputted text is a valid encoding.

* The Scoreboard inner class in class Playboard(), which draws a scoreboard. The update score function was written by Liyang, as well as some improvements to the scoreboard.

I declare that the entire Menu class, fieldpromt textbox, and the isValidEncoding() method is entirely my own work, with the Scoreboard inner class being written by me and Liyang, and the functionality for
the textbox being written by me and Jack.

Signed: Faizan Siddiqui (u5800002)
